Provides Virtual Hosting of Buckets (#630)
async-aws/aws: src/Core/CHANGELOG.md

- Add a `PsrCacheProvider` and `SymfonyCacheProvider` to persists crendentials in a cache pool
- Add a `Credential::adjustExpireDate` method for adjusting the time according to the time difference with AWS clock
- Support for global and regional endpoints

> - Add a `Configuration::optionExists` to let 3rd party checking if an option is available (needed by library supporting several version of core)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a `Configuration::optionExists` to allow third parties to check if an option is available (needed by libraries supporting several version of core)
```

Author: thanks
